all right everyone this is gonna be a
DVD update I went to Walmart today I
looked at their five dollar bins usually
that's what I do when I go to Walmart
and slip in the five dollar bins and
they had some good ones today so let's
take a look I talked to a movie John 75
about these two titles first one is
blood work the Clint Eastwood I know the
lighting sucked the suck right here look
yeah blood work I have not watched yet
but if I do watch it I will let you know
bonus features you can't see him but
I'll read it off to you I'm making a
blood work a conversation in Spanish
with Clint Eastwood and some other
people would English subtitles and at
the edge of the trailer so it's got the
teen the trailer there's what the disc
looks like well there's cookie
I think cookies steppin on the next DVD
the Care Bears movie don't laugh at me
for this I like this movie it's a
childhood favorite there aren't really
any special features I get is pretty
much trailer there's a special Quadra
diction now but I don't need to get it
done I got this there's the desk now the
recipes now the last two movies I did
not tell movie John about I really
wanted these too but these next two were
just blind buys but I picked them out
and I just had to pick out other movies
I had to pick out these other movies
because I had $20 I really wanted these
for 10 and so I had to pick out other
ones but let's enough with me blog look
enough with me blabbering let's just get
to the next DVD the river wild with
Meryl Streep and Kevin Bacon hmm
this is a good movie I just watched it's
recently thrown the same guy who made
the hand that rocks the cradle' Curtis
Hanson now there are no special features
on this DVD not at all but the movie is
still pretty good there's a disc pick it
up five dollars so that's good
anyway the river wild and finally this
one's a good one the money pit Tom Hanks
and Charlie long Steven Spielberg
executive produced this movie Richard
Benjamin directed it this DVD has he
making the original making a feature
which i think is on YouTube it's got the
trailer yep just all the DVDs I picked
up Walmart blood work the Care Bears
movie the river wild and the money pit
$5 goodness I'll see you later good bye